Documentation improvements - Comments in key functions (#10029)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: docs/startup.md

todo: build out config parts (getconfmap).  document how settings and config get rendered

> ```mermaid

Author: I definitely think we need to still include them in some form.  I totally agree with your concerns about maintainability - but these top level private API bits are very important for how the program actually works.  Without the names the diagram can't serve as a guide to reading the source code at all - I guess its the difference between documentation designed for a user of the Collector API and someone who wants to start contributing.

flowchart TD
    A("`**command.NewCommand**`") -->|1| B("`**UpdateSettingsUsingFlags**`")
    A --> |2| C("`**NewCollector**
    Creates and returns a new instance of Collector`")
    A --> |3| D("`**Collector.Run**

>     Starts the collector and waits for its completion.  Also includes the control logic for config reloading and shutdown`")

Reviewer: I find 'waits for its completion' a bit hard to understand. I would also remove the config reloading bit (I don't find it particularly important to call out when compared to any other part of the Collector's behavior). Maybe just this?
```suggestion
    Starts the collector and blocks until it shuts down`")
```

Author: I'm ok cutting it down to this - but I'll add the detail of the control logic to the Collector.Run function comment.

    D --> E("`**SetupConfigurationComponents**`")
    E -->  |1| F("`**getConfMap**`")
    E ---> |2| G("`**Service.New**

>      Initializes telemetry and logging, then initializes the pipelines`")

Reviewer: Logging is part of telemetry :)
```suggestion
     Initializes telemetry, then initializes the pipelines`")
```

    E --> |3| Q("`**Service.Start**
    1. Start all extensions.
    2. Notify extensions about Collector configuration
    3. Start all pipelines.
    4. Notify extensions that the pipeline is ready.
    `")
    Q --> R("`**Graph.StartAll**

>     calls Start on each component in reverse topological order`")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Calls Start on each component in reverse topological order`")
```
